Allow invalid CRAN names (#883)
r-lib/usethis: NEWS.md

# usethis (development version)

> * `use_description()` and `create_package()` gain the argument `stop_for_name` to control whether to allow names invalid for CRAN (#883 @noamross)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `use_description()` and `create_package()` gain the argument `check_name` to control whether to check for package names invalid for CRAN (#883 @noamross)
```
